Clarify `val_check_interval` description (#11951)
PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning: docs/source/common/trainer.rst

How often within one training epoch to check the validation set.
Can specify as float or int.

> - pass a ``float`` to check after a percentage of the training epoch

Reviewer: I would not mention percentage because that's a value outside the range 0-1. Should we say "fraction" instead?
```suggestion
- pass a ``float`` in the range [0.0, 1.0] to check after a fraction of the training epoch
```
something like that?
